hi i'm holly creator of one up hair ties
this video is a quick and a introduction
to two new techniques that i've thought
of these new techniques came to me after
having some Skype sessions with some
lovely stripped survivors the
instructions that I usually send the
hair ties for weren't quite working for
them so I've had to think and I've come
up with two new ideas that may help them
and others to simulate stroke paralysis
I'm wearing my trusty old man hand the
videos just will look quite right
without the handle so the first method
we're doing is reverse on my current
instructions we're going to use a good
hand to pull and create tension and
we're going to use a weakened to hold
the total in place for where we want up
on you to help now I'm going to do a
demonstration I haven't had much
practice with this if you take the Sun
I'm sure you will do a lot better than I
will so we start with a normal hair tie
over our head under there
over the years and we pull it tight all
into it with your good hand and I'm just
going to move the toggle back til about
here and then I'm just going to feed
this through and I'm going to hold my
prosthetic hand in place while I pull
with my good one
and because I'm using my good hand I can
pull this along in really tight and now
I have a good ponytail you can now take
the end and wrap it around and create a
nice tight wrap and the very end if you
have the ability you just tuck that into
a previous loop if the usual pull and
tighten isn't working for you so the
second method I'm going to do is for
those of you that may not be able to get
your hand all the way up to the top
we're actually going to use the weaker
arm as an anchor so what I did was with
the air tight that everybody gets in the
mail I've created a loop on one end and
that will actually go over the week
around so we'll start by setting it up
the same way as all the others over the
head under the hair over the ears then
pull tight
now I'm pulling the end this what's a
loop on it because now I've got some
length we can feed that over our hand
and that becomes the anchor now then
take this shorter end and start pulling
with the previous version we just won't
have that anchor point for the ponytail
so you could have fun fast like that
there you go
use a ponytail I said I haven't had much
practice these additional ideas and I
hope they work for you thank you I
you